1`Consider the different game components discussed so far and think
 about how these components could be represented as objects (if you think they should be represented as objects).

2`Brainstorm or write out responses on this page.

3`Write down the classes you think this game should include.

4`discuss your class choices in the Treehouse Community.


To help you identify the different classes you might use in the development of this game, consider the following questions:

1`What are the different components of a "Four in a Row" game? How do players interact with the game?
Think about a physical version of the game, and see if that helps.

2`Can you break down the game components into smaller, or individual parts? Do some components serve others?

3`Where will you handle the game state and game logic: switching players, checking for winning moves, resetting the board, etc.?

Properties:
How will you differentiate between player objects? Will players have a name, or an ID? How would an ID be created or set?
How will a player's tokens be stored? How many tokens should each player have? How will you store or set that number?
How will each player's tokens be differentiated from the other player's, visually?
What are some ways to keep track of whose turn it is?


plan.
1 components. the Board
              counters/tokens
              player moves


2 properties.
  Counters: left right and down arrow keys, the colour, interact with board and space, played:boolean, playerID,

  Board : height width i.e. number of spaces, interact with counters

  Players: different counter colours as name, keep score,

  Space: one counter per space

  Game: know that four counters (same colour) wins the game, keep turn by last counter colour placed


3. reset, if the board is full or if the game is won

plan.



solution ; classes: Game, Player, Board, Space, Token

solution ;
Counters: 

Board :

Players: name, id, color, active, counters

Space:

Game:
